	“Space Debris” is a garbage collection game – in space! 

	You are a Private employed by a space station to help remove this space garbage from orbit around earth. 
	On your first day, you are thrust out into the field and left to learn on the fly.

	Just as you’re getting started, there’s an emergency – the old ISS is on a collision course with your space station. 
	It’s up to you to gather the necessary parts and intercept it before time runs out. 

	The game is laid out on a 5x5 grid with 16 available “tiles” for the player to walk around on. There are 4 different 
	events that can happen on a tile:

	1. The player has the option to pick up debris
	  a. This costs them extra time, but increases the final score by 15 pts.
	2. The player collects a required item to get into the ISS
	3. The player collects extra jetpack fuel – you’ll need these to win the game!
	4. The player must enter a series of letters in the correct order to dodge incoming debris. If they fail, it costs them extra time.
	5. The player uses their collected items to get into the ISS and save the day! But beware, without all the required items, 
	   you’ll waste valuable time traveling to the rendezvous point.


	The player is equipped with a jetpack. At any time, the player can use ‘j’ for their movement to move 2 spaces for the cost of 
	only 1 movement turn. This is tracked on the player HUD.

	When the player enters the event (the ISS collision), the players HUD updates their “Oxygen” countdown to “Minutes”, since that 
	is the pressing factor. 

	Inventory items are added the top of the player’s HUD. Required items are marked with a “*”. Other items are randomly given a 
	name from a predetermined list. The items are actual items listed on the Wikipedia page for space debris. There’s a limit of 
	7 items, including the 3 required items to win the game. 

	It is necessary to save the station to win the game. However, it is possible to beat the high score of saving the station by 
	only collecting 4 debris items. Each debris item is 15 points and saving the station is 50 points.

	The final score is outputted to the player, along with the score board that tracks all time high scores in a text file.
